It's worth investing a little bit of time customizing your editor.
First I will show you how to adjust the color theme.
So go to your VS Code Editor and if you don't have it open, just pause the video and do that.
And then on Mac, go to code.
Preferences and colour theme.
On Windows.
It's the exact same thing.
But you would go to the file menu instead.
And then you can cycle through the colour themes and choose the one that you like.
And this would make sense if you could see the code.
So I'm going to create some space and that way you can see the changes in each theme.
And as I cycle through the default themes, to be honest, none of them really appeal to me.
The one that I like to use is called Brackets Dark, but it's not available when you first install the
code, which means we have to go to the marketplace.
And there we can install it as an extension.
So here I'm looking for brackets.
Dark pro, but that doesn't exist anymore.
Look up brackets.
Dark instead.
It's the same thing.
And in my opinion, brackets dark is the best color thing we can use.
So we're going to click on it and install.
Once you install it, you can set the colour theme.
And if you were to go back to your preferences, notice that now we can see it there.
All right, let's see how it affects our code.
And I think this looks pretty nice.
I like this theme because it's easy on the eyes and it doesn't use up too much color.
And the contrast between orange and blue is very good for those that have color vision deficiencies.
This is by far the best color thing that I've used.
But if you want a list of other cool themes, I left you a link in the resources folder.
The only other thing you can really play with is the font size.
So once again, you would go to code.
Preferences.
And for Windows once again, go to the file menu instead, then click on preferences.
But in any case, preferences and settings.
And here you can adjust the font size.
A good font size is typically between 14 and 20.
It depends on your eyesight and the size of your screen.
So I suggest just play around with it and keep doing so until you find a size that works for you.
I use a font size of 20.
All right, that's all.
I hope you took the time to change your color theme as well as the font size.